ORDER:Someone comes. After all these countless ages…@
ZIMR...?? ...A talking statue??@
ORDER:It has been... so long since I last used my voice.
The cave, temple...instrument. Crumbled, broken.
We are lost. I linger...
Why have you come? Why has it taken so long?@
ZIMRI:I...My name is Zimri. I am...or was, a monk of the Arafel Monastery.
Our library is vast, and old, with many corners untouched. One day I found
this scroll. It looked so nondescript, just lying there among the piles, I picked it 
up just by whim. What it contains...I've never heard anything like it. 
It tells of a temple within a cave, a place of music and creation, where the gods 
were worshipped in person. There is an old map that is difficult to read, but I tried 
to follow it...is this...is this it?@
ORDER:Ah! Yes. But we are broken. We are not what we were. I linger, I am weary...
But you...yes! After all these ages. You can save us.@
ZIMRI:I...I don’t understand. The order told me this scroll was ancient propaganda, 
to forget about it. They forbade me to pursue the matter, I took the scroll and ran...
What are you? ...Who are you?@  	 
ORDER:The question lies with you. You are our creation...A rebirth. 
The great gamble, that we...lost?  But you are here now. Potential. Useful.@
ZIMRI:...We sang songs, as children, of the creators. They were supposed to be just stories,
lullabies. There were three sisters:  Order, Splendor and Grace. Three statues here...
can it...is that you? @
ORDER:Just stories? ...You really do not know? ...Yes. We are the Samara.
I am called Order. The cycles of the earth...are in their appointed place, 
their appointed time...because I willed it. These statues you made are our 
last connection to this world. I hold on. The other songs...silence. 
The instrument is in shambles, disrepair.@
ZIMRI:What instrument?@
ORDER:This...is the instrument. The cave, the temple, where we stand. 
All one. It is vast, and the Samara fade within. 
It is good that you came when you did.@
ZIMRI:You said I could help. What can I do?@
ORDER:Yes. Please. Repair the instrument. Restore the song. 
The path behind me...go. The way will reveal itself to you.