NPC:Gentle one, we had hope you had not left us.
When our halls were full of music you were fashioned by its living waters,
and you were our children, precious, loved above all things.
We gave you the soul of compassion
the will to mend, to heal the hurting,
And now you have fulfilled our purpose in you.
Sister, are our creations not loyal and true?@
NPC:This one has proven tenacious and worthy of trust.
He speaks that the rest are not so, and has come to us in defiance.
Grace, most patient and mild, would you hear him?
To understand the what has become of our world?@
Zimri:Humanity can no longer hear your music.
We have lost our way. Those at the monastery, my family,
Who are meant to serve and guide our people,
Will not listen to me, to anything!
I was angry. I still don't understand why they would do this.
Order has shown me reason behind their actions.
But I remain alone in my search to find truth.@
NPC:There was a time long ago when you loved us.
Here you were born, and here we dwelt.
And when you grew in number you ventured outward.
You visited us often in our halls and were ever our companions.
We made music together and delighted in each other’s company.
Yet slowly, over time, your devotion waned
We saw you less and less within our halls
You became enamoured with your music
And as we faded from your praise, the land withered
And you grew angry
You left to find your own path. @
Zrimri:...I'm so sorry, we couldn't have known--@
NPC:You had no understanding of our own fragility
And now that you do, you work selflessly to repair us.
Gentle one, to listen and to seek common ground
To offer forgiveness in response to ignorance
This is the beginning of trust, of hope.
You have done much to restore this most beloved place
And we are whole again, with one song yet silenced.
Our sister Splendor faded first, in ages far past
As humanity lost the taste for the extraordinary.
If she can be found, she will have suffered much
But we are ever hopeful she will sing again.
Go, with our blessings!@
Zimri: 