SPLENDOR:Sisters, our creation has forsaken us.
They have muffled our song, broken our instruments,
and rejoice in the silence. Why should we remain
In a world that denounces us?
I implore we depart! Now, before we are too weak again.@ 
GRACE:We cannot abandon hope when we are lost but not forgotten
Do not forget, sisters, that we made them to be free
Remember our promise when the heart of creation was new
And let this one restore us and bring our voice into the world.
Listen, now, he returns to our midst.@
GRACE:Gentle one, a final task we have bestow upon you,
In the heart of the instrument, one final--@ 
SPLENDOR: What?
Are we to wager our existence on the whim of a single human?
Once there were multitudes!@
SPLENDOR:The people sang our names in reverence,
Cried out in joy to look on our faces for even a moment. 
Now look at us!
Our temple stands in ruins, our songs forgotten,
Our names no more than whispers!@ 
ORDER:Abandoning this world is disastrous. 
The chaos that would ensue would echo through the ages. 
Remember reason, remember the sound. 
This child has shown us the tenacious heart of mankind.@
ORDER:It is flawed, disordered, and fickle. Yet it shows potential and purpose.
He will repair our designs, here and everywhere beyond. 
There are others like this one, the child insists.
Refuse them even now, when we may be finally unified as one?
Sister, respond to logic.@ 
GRACE:Listen to our sister, Splendor, she speaks truth
Remember our lamentation at the burning of the world
Remember the will of our creator.@
GRACE:Dearest sister, our hearts ache at your pain
Be comforted that there is more in all the world than tears and anger.
We must have faith in the Thirdborn.@	 
SPLENDOR:
And what happens when he leaves?
We made this world!
We gave our everything for these people—
our hearts, our minds, our passion!@
SPLENDOR:We rejected our sisters, cast them out in the name of our creation,
protected the Thirdborn with body and soul,
and yet they have the gall to forget us?@
SPLENDOR:No.
NO!
I will not wait here to be forgotten AGAIN!